Add TransactionItem and  `TransactionEvents` `pspReference` Matching section on `Transactions` page (#1381)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/payments/transactions.mdx

	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionItem` identifies the overall payment.
	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionEvent` identifies specific actions that occurred within the `Transaction`.

**Key Assumptions:**
- For a specific `TransactionItem`, only one `TransactionEvent` of a given `type` and `pspReference` may exist, except for the following types:
  - `AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED`
	-	`CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`
	-	`INFO`
- Only one `TransactionEvent` of type `AUTHORIZATION_SUCCESS` is allowed to exist.
If an update is needed, the existing `AUTHORIZATION_SUCCESS` event can be modified using
the [`AUTHORIZATION_ADJUSTMENT`](/developer/payments/lifecycle#authorization_adjustment) event.

#### Setting the `pspReference` on the `TransactionItem`

The `pspReference` value in a `TransactionItem` may initially be empty if it is not provided
during the `TransactionCreate` mutation or as a result of the `TransactionInitialize` mutation.

The `transactionItem.pspReference` is updated during payment processing and reflects the `pspReference` from the most recent event received from the payment application.
For example:

> 	•	If a transaction is successful, the `pspReferenc`e will be set based on the last `SUCCESS` event from the payment provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	•	If a transaction is successful, the `pspReference` will be set based on the last `SUCCESS` event from the payment provider.
```

	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionItem` identifies the overall payment.
	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionEvent` identifies specific actions that occurred within the `Transaction`.

**Key Assumptions:**
- Only one `TransactionItem` instance can exist with a given `pspReference`.
- For a specific `TransactionItem`, only one `TransactionEvent` of a given `type` and `pspReference` may exist, except for the following types:
  -	`AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED`
	-	`CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`
	-	`INFO`
- Only one `TransactionEvent` of type `AUTHORIZATION_SUCCESS` is allowed to exist.

#### Setting the `pspReference` on the `TransactionItem`

The pspReference value on a `TransactionItem` can initially be `None`.
When the first `TransactionEvent` containing a `pspReference` is reported,
this value is automatically set on the associated `TransactionItem`.

The `pspReference` can be updated through the `transactionUpdate` mutation if necessary.

#### Events with optional `pspReference` 

The following events do not require a `pspReference`:
- `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`
- `AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED`
- `CHARGE_FAILURE`
- `AUTHORIZATION_FAILURE`
- `REFUND_FAILURE`
- `CANCEL_FAILURE`

> If `pspReference` is missing, the event is not considered in transaction amount recalculations.

Author: I can extend it a little, but I do not want to describe here how the recalculations are woking because it should be separate section just linked here.

- **For orders**: pending Transactions **are not** considered "paid" and will not be included in the [`Order.authorizeStatus`](/api-reference/orders/enums/order-authorize-status-enum.mdx#values) calculation.
:::

### TransactionItem and  TransactionEvents pspReference Matching

Both [TransactionItem](/api-reference/payments/objects/transaction-item)
and [TransactionEvent](/api-reference/payments/objects/transaction-event)
contain a `pspReference` field, which refers to the payment service provider reference.
	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionItem` identifies the overall payment.
	-	The `pspReference` on `TransactionEvent` identifies specific actions that occurred within the `Transaction`.

**Key Assumptions:**

> - Only one `TransactionItem` instance can exist with a given `pspReference`.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure about this? I don't think that we have such condition. Maybe we have a validation where psp_reference+app_identifier, but this needs to be checked first.

- For a specific `TransactionItem`, only one `TransactionEvent` of a given `type` and `pspReference` may exist, except for the following types:

>   -	`AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED`

Reviewer 2: Incorrect formatiing? 🤔

> 	-	`CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth to extend the: https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/lifecycle#transaction-event-types with `AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED` and `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`. With similar info that we have for these events in https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/payment-apps#initialize-transaction. Then here we could  include the link to the event description? 🤔

	-	`INFO`

> - Only one `TransactionEvent` of type `AUTHORIZATION_SUCCESS` is allowed to exist.

Reviewer 2: Would be also good to mention that in case of modifying the authorization, need to use https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/lifecycle#authorization_adjustment

#### Setting the `pspReference` on the `TransactionItem`

The pspReference value in a TransactionItem may initially be empty if it is not provided
during the TransactionCreate mutation or as a result of the TransactionInitialize mutation.

> When the first `TransactionEvent` containing a `pspReference` is reported,

Reviewer 2: Is it also true for `transactionCreate`? 
Also maybe we could change the sentence, to say that transactionItem.psp_reference will be set based on first success event received from payment-app  (if this is true).

> When the first `TransactionEvent` containing a `pspReference` is reported,

Also this needs to be checked. I mean, we need to confirm if we always set first pspReference, or first success pspReference

this value is automatically set on the associated `TransactionItem`.

The `pspReference` can be updated through the `transactionUpdate` mutation if necessary.

> #### Events with optional `pspReference` 

Reviewer 2: We have a section: https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/transactions#amount-calculations-for-reporting-an-action-with-missing-amount-value were we describe when amount can be optional. Isn't like this should also be there? This section described `Reporting actions for transactions`. Right now some info about optional fields is there, and some info is here 🤔 

Also, what about the "webhook-part": https://docs.saleor.io/developer/extending/webhooks/synchronous-events/transaction#response-4
Don't we need to also say there that the reference can be optional for specific events?

Author: > Also, what about the "webhook-part": https://docs.saleor.io/developer/extending/webhooks/synchronous-events/transaction#response-4
> Don't we need to also say there that the reference can be optional for specific events?

From what I see it's already mentioned. 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/772ed087-921b-4922-a05c-18f79b883407)
But looks like the list is not full, so I will extend it.

The following events do not require a `pspReference`:
- `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`
- `AUTHORIZATION_ACTION_REQUIRED`
- `CHARGE_FAILURE`
- `AUTHORIZATION_FAILURE`
- `REFUND_FAILURE`
- `CANCEL_FAILURE`

If `pspReference` is missing, the event will be created as usual but will be excluded

> from transaction amount recalculations. As a result, it will not affect

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth to mentioned, that missing PSPreference will not have an impact on existing transactionEvent with pspReference:
I mean the part that is described here:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aead59e8-dc8f-4c6e-b51d-09fc380b9062)
Ref: https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/lifecycle#authorization-events

Author: Done

`charge`, `refund`, `cancel`, or `authorize` amounts.

> #### Handling TransactionEvent Reports for Existing Types

Reviewer 2: The chapter name suggest me that you're describe some part of the transaction lifecycle. If you agree about that, then shouldn't we move this to: https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/lifecycle

Author: I moved it to the part of `Reporting actions for transactions` and I think it much better right now, please verify once again

> When a `TransactionEvent` is reported:

Reviewer 2: For https://docs.saleor.io/developer/payments/transactions#reporting-actions-for-transactions
we have a description of the field:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54c0c316-0440-4e4f-99ba-efce6c0abe53)
IMO This part should have a link to this section.
